what happened
auntie deadheaded defeated visited yes
yes yes
I suppose inspiration is what comes
before motivation see a good idea and
getting that feeling this could return
something really really good
there are still things that have not
been done before I think my experience
cruises even something really a bit mad
if you can do it really well if no one
else is doing it all you can lose your
time
the world is full of patterns which are
there to be found people like petals
occurred in the pattern nature grows in
pattern of nature preserve the rules
mathematics how to fill space is most
efficient manner
inspiration is a word which has quite a
little different interpretations to
everything
ask alot of ppl inspiration means you'll
get quite a lot of different answers
well I think inspiration is something
that leads to motivation i want to
create something you create something
good here . count paces is very what I
want to free that day did it
this is this is it look good
let's go rogue
I'm very glad that i've come across
something that hasn't been done before
that other people think is is all value
now I feel and is a worthwhile I'm not
just a local lunatic who's making these
strange planets there get covered up two
days later
I hope is gonna get both get help from
google there's always a sense of
anticipation because you never really
know what its gonna look like until you
see it
I'm really happy with the result we've
got here in stream because it's such
good snow certainly makes unusual it
might be unique
yes it might be unique
Oh